README.md, before:

# Wallpapers
My Collection of PC Wallpapers. 

It mostly consists of digital art.

# Source
Most of the wallpapers I got are from [r/wallpaper](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallpaper/) and [r/wallpapers](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallpapers)

# Sample Images
![](astronaut-3840x2160.png)
![](bike-3840x2160.png)
![](bodhisattva-temple-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](camping-5-2560%C3%971440.jpg)
![](castle-3840x1728.jpg)
![](cara-stratton-the-castle-sized-2753x1274.jpg)
![](cat-and-a-ukulele-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](crane-3206x1800.png)
![](cthulhu-1920x1080.png)
![](cyberpunk-edgerunners-2-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](digital-art-samurai-forest-colorful-wallpaper-3840x2160.jpg)
![](dreamful-girl-at-sea-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](escape-by-alena-aenami-1920%C3%971080.jpg)
![](firewatch-3840x2160.jpg)
![](sunset-3840x2160.png)
![](japanese-castle-pixel-art_2130x1197.jpg)
![](Landscape-3440x1440.jpg)
![](late-afternoon-2-1920×1080.jpg)
![](malenia-elden-ring-1920×1080.jpg)
![](majestic-temple-wallpaper-3840x2160.jpg)
![](mountain-3838x2176.jpg)
![](mountain-2560x1440.png)
![](night-sky-12-3840×2160.jpg)
![](parrots-3200x1800.png)
![](planet-7680x4320.png)
![](port-3840x2160.png)
![](rocket-launch-5120x2880.jpg)
![](spiderman-1920x1080.jpg)
![](still-ascending-2560%C3%971440.jpg)
![](the-meeting-of-the-sea-and-sky-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](the-not-so-void-black-hole-by-victor-sales-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](tree-of-life-9-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](voyager-tophx-panda-cover-3840x2160.jpg)
![](weathering-with-you-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](zen-garden-3840%C3%972160.jpg)

Commit message:

added instructions to download and update wallpapers

README.md, after:

# Wallpapers
My Collection of PC Wallpapers.

It mostly consists of digital art. I update it weekly.

# Want to get latest wallpapers from repository?
1. Download [git](https://git-scm.com/) on your system
2. Run the following command in your terminal

```shell
git clone https://github.com/Ishgar14/Wallpapers.git
```
This will download all the wallpapers in current working directory

---

To keep updating your wallpapers run
```shell
git pull origin main
```

# Source
Most of the wallpapers I got are from [r/wallpaper](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallpaper/) and [r/wallpapers](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallpapers)

# Sample Images
![](astronaut-3840x2160.png)
![](bike-3840x2160.png)
![](bodhisattva-temple-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](camping-5-2560%C3%971440.jpg)
![](castle-3840x1728.jpg)
![](cara-stratton-the-castle-sized-2753x1274.jpg)
![](cat-and-a-ukulele-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](crane-3206x1800.png)
![](cthulhu-1920x1080.png)
![](cyberpunk-edgerunners-2-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](digital-art-samurai-forest-colorful-wallpaper-3840x2160.jpg)
![](dreamful-girl-at-sea-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](escape-by-alena-aenami-1920%C3%971080.jpg)
![](firewatch-3840x2160.jpg)
![](sunset-3840x2160.png)
![](japanese-castle-pixel-art_2130x1197.jpg)
![](Landscape-3440x1440.jpg)
![](late-afternoon-2-1920×1080.jpg)
![](malenia-elden-ring-1920×1080.jpg)
![](majestic-temple-wallpaper-3840x2160.jpg)
![](mountain-3838x2176.jpg)
![](mountain-2560x1440.png)
![](night-sky-12-3840×2160.jpg)
![](parrots-3200x1800.png)
![](planet-7680x4320.png)
![](port-3840x2160.png)
![](rocket-launch-5120x2880.jpg)
![](spiderman-1920x1080.jpg)
![](still-ascending-2560%C3%971440.jpg)
![](the-meeting-of-the-sea-and-sky-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](the-not-so-void-black-hole-by-victor-sales-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](tree-of-life-9-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](voyager-tophx-panda-cover-3840x2160.jpg)
![](weathering-with-you-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
![](zen-garden-3840%C3%972160.jpg)
